=head1 NAME

Finance::Quote::Morningstar::AT - Obtain fund prices from
http://Morningstar.AT/

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Finance::Quote;
    $q = Finance::Quote->new;
    %fundinfo = $q->fetch("morningstar_at","morningstar fund id");

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module obtains information about fund prices from
www.morningstar.at. It has been forked from C<Morningstar.pm> which is
distributed with Finance::Quote.

This module is especially useful for locally (European) managed funds
that are unknown to US sites.

=head1 INSTALLATION

Have Finance::Quote installed. In Debian and derivatives this is the package
C<libfinance-quote-perl>; it also gets installed with GnuCash.

Then put the module C<AT.pm> into the directory C<Finance/Quote/Morningstar/>
of your local Perl library directory, e.g.:

    $ cd $USERLIB         # e.g. /usr/local/lib
    $ mkdir perl          # unless exists
    $ mkdir perl/$version # same as in /usr/lib/perl
    $ mkdir -p perl/$version/Finance/Quote/Morningstar

Copy C<Quote.pm> from Finance::Quote, usually located at
C</usr/lib/perl/I<$version>/Finance/>, into C<I<$USERLIB>/perl/I<$version>/Finance/>
and edit it: Add C<Morningstar::AT> to C<@modules> (search for C<Morningstar>).

=head2 Testing

=over

=item 1.

Be sure your local Perl library directory version matches your actual Perl version:

    $ ls -d /usr/lib/perl
    $ ls -d $USERLIB/perl    # e.g. /usr/local/lib

=item 2.

The command C<perl -e 'use Finance::Quote::Morningstar::AT'> should not display
anything, especially no error.

=item 3.

If you want to use the module with GnuCash, execute

    $ gnc-fq-dump | grep --color=auto morningstar

You should see both C<morningstar> and C<morningstar_at>.

=back

=head1 FUND NAMES

Morningstar.AT's fund IDs (in the URL!)

=head1 LABELS RETURNED

Information available from funds may include the following labels:
date method source name currency nav. The prices are updated at the
end of each bank day.

=head1 AUTHOR

Stephan Paukner <paux+dev@paukner.cc>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright 2014 by Stephan Paukner

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Other copyrights and conditions may apply to data fetched through this module.

=head1 SEE ALSO

http://Morningstar.AT/

